Will's lyrics:

"Set the gearshift for the high gear of your soul,
You've got to run like an antelloppe out of control!"

=======

Steve's Lyrics:

Song: 7 Years
Lyrics:
Once I was seven years old my momma told me
Go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely
Once I was seven years old
It was a big big world but we thought we were bigger
Pushing each other to the limits we were learning quicker
By eleven smoking herb and drinking burning liquor
Never rich so we were out to make that steady figure
Once I was eleven years old my daddy told me
Go get yourself a wife or you'll be lonely
Once I was eleven years old
I always had that dream like my daddy before me
So I started writing songs I started writing stories
Something about the glory just always seemed to bore me
Cause only those I really love will ever really know me
Once I was 20 years old my story got told
Before the morning sun when life was lonely
Once I was 20 years old
Lukas Graham
I only see my goals I don't believe in failure
Cause I know the smallest voices they can make it major
I got my boys with me at least those in favor
And if we don't meet before I leave I hope I'll see you later
Once I was 20 years old my story got told
I was writing about everything I saw before me
Once I was 20 years old
Soon we'll be 30 years old our songs have been sold
We've traveled around the world and we're still rolling
Soon we'll be 30 years old
I'm still learning about life
My woman brought children for me
So I can sing them all my songs
And I can tell them stories
Most of my boys are with me
Some are still out seeking glory
And some I had to leave behind
My brother I'm still sorry
Soon I'll be 60 years old my daddy got 61
Remember life and then your life becomes a better one
I made the man so happy when I wrote a letter once
I hope my children come and visit once or twice a month
Soon I'll be 60 years old will I think the world is cold
Or will I have a lot of children who can warm me
Soon I'll be 60 years old
Soon I'll be 60 years old will I think the world is cold
Or will I have a lot of children who can warm me
Soon I'll be 60 years old
Once I was seven years old my momma told me
Go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely
Once I was seven years old
Once I was seven years old

===================
#Jerry's Lyrics

print "She used to shoppin' at the mall (ooh)
I'll teach lil' baby how to ball
I hit Rodeo, spent like 40 G's (wow)
Four hunnid pairs of Gucci socks
I lost all my friends, made a lot of foes
Made a lot of M's, made a lot of O's" 
###The song is actually good, check out "92 Explorer"!

#Alaa Lyrics
Shadows fill an empty heart
As love is fading, from all the things that we are
Are not saying, can we see beyond the scars
And make it to the dawn?
Change the colors of the sky
And open up to, the ways you made me feel alive
The ways I loved you
For all the things that never died
To make it through the night, love will find you
What about now? What about today?
What if you're making me all that I was meant to be?
What if our love never went away?
What if it's lost behind words we could never find?
Baby, before it's too late, what about now?
The sun is breaking in your eyes
To start a new day
This broken heart can still survive
With a touch of your grace
Shadows fade into the light
I am by your side, where love will find you
What about now? What about today?
What if you're making me all that I was meant to be?
What if our love never went away?
What if it's lost behind words we could never find?
Baby, before it's too late, what about now?
Now that we're here
Now that we've come this far, just hold on
There is nothing to fear
For I am right beside you
For all my life, I am yours
What about now? What about today?
What if you're making me all that I was meant to be?
What if our love had never went away?
What if it's lost behind words we could never find?
